Agoran Stamps and Awards Association

Boilerplate
-----------

An amendment to this Organization is Appropriate if intent to perform
it was announced between 4 and 14 days ago, and no members of the
Organization have publicly objected to it since.

For the purposes of this charter, 'ASaAA' refers to this Organization
and 'member' refers to any member of this Organization. 'Proxies' are an
imaginary asset tracked by the Organization and only changeable,
transferable or otherwise manipulable as defined in this charter.

While there is no asset named 'Stamps', the remainder of this charter is
void and has no effect.

ASaAA Sessions
-------------

By default, the ASaAA is in an Open Session.

During an Open Session, any member may pay the ASaAA any number of
shinies to receive the same number of ASaAA Proxies.

During an Open Session, any player may transfer one Stamp to the ASaAA
and, on behalf of the ASaAA, transfer all the ASaAA's shinies to emself
by announcement. When this happens the ASaAA Open Session ends, an ASaAA
Voting Session begins, and the player who did so becomes the current
Patron.

During an ASaAA Voting Session, each member may vote for any player(s)
except for the current Patron any number of times and in any combination
as long as eir total votes do not exceed eir current number of Proxies.
Members cannot withdraw votes, but they need not cast all votes at once,
or at all.

An ASaAA Voting Session ends after 3 days or after every vote is cast,
whichever occurs first. When an ASaAA Voting Session has ended, any
member may, on behalf of the ASaAA, transfer any Stamp the ASaAA has to
the member who received the most votes, by announcement. Once a Stamp
has been successfully transfered, all persons have 0 Proxies and a new
Open Session begins.
